[BPK-4016]: Add token linting functionality (#1)
Skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/Skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/Skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack)

Stylelint plugin to prevent magic arbitrary values and promote the use of Backpack tokens.

## Installation

```
npm install @skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack --save-dev
```

## Usage

Add `@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack` to your stylelint config plugins array, 

```
{
  "plugins": ["@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack"]
}
```

> Then add rules you need to the rules list. All rules from `@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack` need to be namespaced with `backpack`.

Reviewer: ```Then add rules you need to the rules list.```

Did Yoda write this sentence 😂

Reviewer: I just looked at the sentence again and I understand it now, I misinterpreted it. But I'm gonna suggest an edit to make it less ambiguous

> Then add rules you need to the rules list. All rules from `@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack` need to be namespaced with `backpack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add the rules you want to use to your list of rules. All rules from `@skyscanner/stylelint-plugin-backpack` need to be namespaced with `backpack`.
```

Author: I read this a few times and its starting to feel ambiguous. Happy to commit the suggestion if you feel its best, or just reword it altogether. The original line is a commonly used on within stylelint plugins, just as an FYI 😄

Reviewer: Yeah I'll just dismiss my comments and leave it as is. Maybe today's heat is affecting my brain
